# GCP Palo Unmanaged Instance Group NGFW Deployment Module
A module designed to ease the deployment of a PAN NGFW Instances into Unmanaged Insatance groups on GCP.

## Usage
This module's intent is to stream line the deployment of PAN NGFW inside GCP. While exposing several input variables for customization without requiring so much code. It is recommend that the user look at the latest supported versions of image deployment from GCP API call `gcloud compute images list --project paloaltonetworksgcp-public --no-standard-images`. Supported values as of this release are in the table below:  
__NOTE:__ Default image is __Bundle1__ version __9.0.4__

### Supported Deployments

The version will be indicated by three consecutive integers, while the license
type is to by indicated by the string listed. _i.e. byol 810_  

| License | Version |
| --- |--- |
| BYOL | 8.1.0 |
| BYOL | 8.1.4 |
| BYOL | 8.1.9 |
| BYOL | 9.0.1 |
| BYOL | 9.0.4 |
| Bundle1 | 8.1.0 |
| Bundle1 | 8.1.4 |
| Bundle1 | 8.1.9 |
| Bundle1 | 9.0.1 |
| Bundle1 | 9.0.4 |
| Bundle2 | 8.1.0 |
| Bundle2 | 8.1.4 |
| Bundle2 | 8.1.9 |
| Bundle2 | 9.0.1 |
| Bundle2 | 9.0.4 |

### Instance Group Creation
Unmaged Instance Groups are created per zone. The `for_each` loop will create an ig for each zone found in the instance creation. The list of instances is a list generated by another for loop matching the instance zone to key. This enables users to add and remove Firewalls as needed.

### Firewall Map Semantic
Each firewall is defined as a dictionary of attributes examples folder has a functional config. The example a below is just to show the format of the map. To see all values exposed, please reference the module syntax.    
```
firewalls = {
  test1 = { 
         tags=["test1"], 
         bucket="specific_bucket", 
         instance_grpu[p = "foo"	
         interfaces = [{
          name = "mgmt",
          subnetwork = "mgmt-0",
          private_ip = "1.1.1.1",
          public_ip = "2.2.2.2"
	}]
  }
}
```
